User's Guide

Getting Started: 
To start the system, the user must input their username and password. The system will directly go to the user manual screen but the system will 
display the speed, username, driving state, and fuel level at all times.

Speed: 
The speed will initially be zero upon starting the car (it has to be stationary when it’s off) and when accelerating, the speed increases at the 
rate of the .5 miles per hour per button press. The speed is always displayed in the upper left in miles per hour.

Fuel Level:
Fuel level is always displayed in the upper left middle of the display (to the right of the speed). The fuel level is obtained by taking the 
distance traveled and multiplying that by the gas mileage of the car. After the car starts moving and the amount of fuel starts decreasing, 
the current fuel level is updated and displayed. 

Odometer:
Always shown on the top-right corner, the odometer displays the current trip distance traveled, and is calculated by taking the 
current speed and multiplying the time that, that speed being obtained.

State (Park/Drive:) 
Always displayed on the top-right of the screen (to the left of the odometer,) the state is shown to be either “Drive,” which 
means the car is currently in driving mode (speed can be greater than zero) or “Park,” which is when the car’s in parking mode, 
and speed cannot exceed zero.

Stop Button: 
One of the persistent functionalities on the display, the stop button always shows on the bottom-left corner of the display. 
When pressed, the stop button initiates deceleration until the car reaches a speed of zero and then puts the car in park.

Control Panel: 
Includes buttons for accelerating, selecting either park or drive, and  braking. The control panel is a bar across the lower 
section of the display. The accelerate and brake buttons increase and decrease the speed by .5 miles per hour for each press respectively. 
The stop, accelerate, and brake buttons are only usable when the car is in “Drive” mode.

Stats button:
The Stats button opens the stats page where all of the user’s stats are displayed. 	including a call log
section, driving log, and radio log. 

Logout button:
The logout button logs the user out if the speed is zero and the car is in park but before logging out the the system saves 
the user's statistical data for that session.

After the user enters the correct username and password the manual screen pops up but the user has the option to select a 
different screen from this screen : 

Driving: 
This mode is persistent across the other modes. Driving mode allows the user to set a speed by using the accelerate and brake
buttons on the GUI. The stop button is available for use no matter the screen up. The current speed, fuel level, driving state,
distance traveled, logout button and stats button are also always visible no matter what screen the user is on.

Phone Screen: 
This mode is accessed by selecting the phone button on the side of the screen and lasts until another side-mode is selected. 
This mode modifies the center panel to display the information and controls. The controls allow the user to: Select a contact from a pre-made list; 
Initiate, and end a call; Increase or decrease the speaker volume using the + or - buttons respectively; Increase or decrease the microphone using 
the + or  - respectively; Mute either the speaker volume or the microphone volume using their own mute buttons. Input the phone number on the keypad 
to dial a number; select an existing contact from the list; button to initiate call; button to end call; button to clear the number entered in the 
phone number text field; button to call a selected contact; both phone volume and microphone can be modified via their own +, -, or mute buttons.

Radio Screen:
This mode is accessed by selecting the radio button on the side of the display and lasts until another side-mode is selected. 
This mode modifies the center panel to display the information and controls. This mode allows the user to: select an available station 
using left and right arrows; select from a list of favorite accessible stations; select AM or FM via a set of radio button; and modify 
the volume via + or - buttons; the radio can be turned on or off using the power button.

Map Screen:
This mode is accessed by selecting the map button on the side of the display and lasts until another side-mode is selected. 
This mode allows the user to select a route via a set of radio buttons.  This mode also displays a map of the set of routes and 
the car’s current location. 